added 1.1.1.1 (#8333)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/warp-client/get-started/macOS.md

# macOS desktop client

> 1. Download Cloudflare WARP for macOS from [Microsoft Appcenter](https://install.appcenter.ms/orgs/cloudflare/apps/1.1.1.1-macos-1/distribution_groups/release) or [1.1.1.1](https://1.1.1.1/).
> 3. Navigate to your predefined download folder and open the `.pkg` file.
> 4. Follow the instructions to complete installation. Cloudflare WARP will automatically launch and appear in your menu bar with the Cloudflare logo.
> 5. Select **Next** and **Accept** Cloudflare's privacy policy.
> 6. Turn on the toggle to enable WARP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download Cloudflare WARP for macOS from [Microsoft App Center](https://install.appcenter.ms/orgs/cloudflare/apps/1.1.1.1-macos-1/distribution_groups/release) or [1.1.1.1](https://1.1.1.1/).
2. Go to your predefined download folder and open the `.pkg` file.
3. Follow the instructions to complete installation. Cloudflare WARP will automatically launch and appear in your menu bar with the Cloudflare logo.
4. Select **Next** and **Accept** Cloudflare's privacy policy.
5. Turn on the toggle to enable WARP.
```
